# 1.2.0-beta.1 (2023-08-13)

## Additions
- Add a list of names that will not be used to name a dupe. By default this includes several commonly used Twitch bots.
  - note: For the time being, this can only be configured in the config file.
- A new "Light Sensitivity Mode" has been added that removes some effects that may cause eye strain.
- New settings are now shown on a message on the Mods button.
- Poisoned duplicants now have a status item that shows how much longer the poison lasts. 
- Geysers tuned by chat now have a status item that shows that they have been tuned.

## Fixes
- Mini-Pods and rocket platforms can no longer be placed in a pocket dimension.
- Fix a crash that happened when a geotuner was added to a geyser that was tuned by the mod.
- Surprise Box no longer moves the camera when it is opened immediately after clicking its toast.
- Fixed a crash that could happen on load when using two different mods with the same assembly.

## Changes
- Temporary geyser tuning now applies a much more extreme effect. (3x as strong)
- Several messages changed for clarity.

## Mod Support
- Pop-up toasts can now specify a camera zoom level to use when they are clicked.
- Pocket Dimension entities have a tag that can be used to identify them from a `WorldContainer`
- Settings from the Twitch Integration mod are now available to other mods.
  - There is a `bool PhotosensitiveMode` setting which, if `true`, should disable any events that may cause eye strain or use intense or rapidly changing lights or colors
